---
participants:
  - Adam Wulf (note creator) from Rice <awulf@rice.edu>
---

Me: I'm good.

Them: Keeping warm here in lovely Boston.

Me: Has it been? You all had, like, crazy snow and crazy weather, didn't you?

Them: We had a blizzard that I had to do a presentation on, sort of my main area of work. Which is Internet. It's not really law. Internet practice some. And it was in Atlanta, so I had to fly out early on Sunday morning to escape and beat the blizzard and then stay till after it.

Me: Yeah. Well, I'm glad you're able to sneak out on time, because I know. Man. Once that hits, there's no chance.

Them: No. I was on the plane coming back with people that didn't plan ahead like I had, and they were like. They were just. They were just stuck in Atlanta for a few extra days.

Me: Yeah.

Them: So I was fortunate and happy about that.

Me: Good. Yeah, it reminds me. We came home from Portland, Oregon, day before Christmas Eve. Maybe on Christmas Eve. So we had bought the tickets way in advance. And of course, the ice storm hits and everything's grounded and. Anyway, it was a nightmare. Yeah.

Them: And it's stuck. So let's talk about the potential deal. My clients obviously very eager, and that's why they didn't come with a, you know, we came with a serious offer, and there you go, move very quickly.

Me: Okay?

Them: They would like to have something done within a week and then transfers, you know.

Me: The week after that.

Them: Cup with a week or two after that, right. Very, very quickly.

Me: Okay?

Them: And obviously to pay full by at that point too. They just so you know, they have set up with us. We have bank account and they gave us already payment that would cover this for you. So it's ready as soon as you're ready. And they have essentially a form that they would use. That I can run by you. And then. And it we cover every bit of the drafting, we'll send you the draft agreement. The draft assignments for the trademarks. Some declaration. I don't know if we need the Declaration of Use, because we have the registrations, but there may be that. Just sort of statements about the evidence of the use. And yeah.

Me: Okay?

Them: That's that.

Me: Great. Yeah, I love it. So, as you might imagine. My little duck feet have been swimming very fast the past few days. Trying to figure out how to make this happen, because I would love to. Sure your client would love to as well. A few questions for you. I have two other domain names. That also use the Muse brand I'm currently not using. Maybe they don't care about those, but if they would like those, they were also on the table.

Them: What are they?

Me: One is museapp IO. And the other is muse, inc. M u s e ink. Ink.

Them: Had those.

Me: Same amount of time as the musapp.com domain name.

Them: Okay? I'm relatively confident they would.

Me: Okay?

Them: I don't know.

Me: O. Kay. The social media handle.

Them: Yeah.

Me: That I have on x, which is muse app hq. And so they're welcome to that as well. I would change my name. I can change that account. So I keep all the followers. But then we can register it quickly before somebody else snatches it up to make sure that they have that if they want it.

Them: Y.

Me: So another. Here's another. Gotcha. As I'm pulling out all this paperwork.

Them: Eah.

Me: There is a right of first refusal on any assets. Owned by me for Muse.

Them: Okay?

Me: That rite of first refusal is with Ink and Switch. It's the lab that Muse was born from six years ago, so that we spun off from them.

Them: Okay?

Me: So the terms of that rite of first refusal are once we have an offer, we send it over to them. They have 15 days to say, I will take it at that price. I will match that price and take it.

Them: Got. It.

Me: After 15 days, it's done, and then we can continue. So that is a limit that I don't have control over.

Them: Do. The name you wrote. You said ink and switch.

Me: The ink and switch. Ink and then Ampersand switch. Ink and switch.

Them: And switch. Got it. Yeah, okay.

Me: So that is. Also on the table.

Them: Okay? Gives us right around March. And you have not notified them yet? Because you do not have a.

Me: No, I have not. My understanding is I do not need to until we have figured out everything that we want to figure out. And then I send it to them and they have 15 days.

Them: Okay? Okay?

Me: So I'm talking with my lawyers about that soon to make sure that we button up that process. So I know they're very urgent. You've said that. I know. In our first phone call, and again, and I would love to do this quickly. Because I want. I mean, I wanted to get it done because I think it would be neat.

Them: Okay?

Me: If they are who they think they are, who I think they are. Then that's just a cool. It's a cool thing to be a part of, and I would love to make this real.

Them: I wish I could tell you. Yeah. Okay. Well, I. I appreciate that. So. Are you expecting? Are you going to counter the dollars with a new assets or do you or is that inclusive? Because I want to make sure I send you. What? What?

Me: So. Right. So I want to make sure. So we had never actually listed out which trademarks in particular they care about. Do you have that list?

Them: I know there were three registrations.

Me: Okay? That's what I have. So I have a us registration. A uk registration. And an eu registration.

Them: Yeah, that's what I was.

Me: Okay, good.

Them: All fine. I think that's why we. Yeah, it was all three, and that's why we had it as, like, 150. Was it 1, 200 of each of those 600, then the 150 for the. For. For your efforts and rebranding.

Me: Sorry. Right. Right. So I've been. I'm only, what, six days in five days in to this thing inside of my brain. So I know that there are costs that I'm going to have to incur over the next year of this process that I have not thought about. So you asked me earlier, like, what is it going to take to get you out of the house? Right now. I'm in, like, bean counter mode trying to make sure that this works. If they can do 1.5 billion. Then that gets me out of bean counter mode, and we can just. We can run as fast as we can.

Them: And that would include each of the assets we talked about before, the domain names that you other domain, all inclusive.

Me: That would. Right. That's just kind of all inclusive. So that that helps me cover the value of the trademarks, value the domains, value the assets. Marketing stuff I'm going to have to do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to make sure we're saying the same words to each other.

Them: And make sure. Yep. Okay. I get it. I appreciate that, and that is super helpful. Because usually I'm going back and forth like with one step at a time and helps helps me quick getting it all in place.

Me: Right. Yeah. And I'm. I'm trying to, like, I don't. I don't mind if. If they're like, holy smokes, that's a stupid number. From the research I did that seems, honestly pretty great for them. Compared to other transactions that are out there, but who knows?

Them: Everyone is their own thing. And it all is up in my mind. My client wants to move quick.

Me: Yeah.

Them: And if they want to move quick. And this helps you move quick.

Me: This is what helps me move quick. If they want to do less than that, if that's more important than quickness, then I can spend more bean counter time.

Them: And then that's. Yeah.

Me: But if they want to do quick, that's what gets me moving.

Them: I totally get you. I totally got you. And that's. That's what I will use to push my client and see where we come out.

Me: Okay?

Them: So I will be back in touch.

Me: Great.

Them: By email either later tonight or tomorrow once I have heard back. They can. I got all of it. Yep, I do.

Me: There's little stuff that I think we kind of don't have to care about now. But the domain. I would love to have, like, 301 redirects. For some amount of time to save a little bit of the search traffic, if that's possible. Or like, email forwards.

Them: I know email force will work. We'll talk about 301 directs. Is that. That. That's just on the Muse app. The other two.

Me: Okay? Just on the musapp.com domain. And that is a, like, that's not going to kill the deal for me. That is a nice to have. That would really help my search engine stuff. But if they're starting to roll their eyes, Who cares?

Them: I'll find out. I know, I know, I know. Email redirects will be fine. Email forms, I mean.

Me: Yeah, yeah. Okay, great. I think that's.

Them: But I'll check on the redirect.

Me: I think those are the big notes for me because it was. It was those extra domains, if they want those, and then the right of first refusal that I don't have control over. So I want to make sure that's on your radar.

Them: Okay? Okay? I appreciate that. And that means that's even more reason for us to move very quickly if my client is interested this dollar amount. So. Okay. I will be back in touch very, very, very shortly.

Me: Right. Right. Okay, great.

Them: Thanks so much. Appreciate your time again.

Me: Thanks, dave.

Them: Take care. Bye.
